# Avoid implementation details

## Background

One of the most important things to remember about testing our software the way
it is used is to avoid testing implementation details. "Implementation details"
is a term referring to how an abstraction accomplishes a certain outcome. Thanks
to the expressiveness of code, you can typically accomplish the same outcome
using completely different implementation details. 

📜 Read up on `screen` here:
https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-queries#screen

📜 Learn more about the queries built-into React Testing Library from
[the query docs](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-queries).

## Exercise

Our current tests rely on implementation details. You can tell whether tests
rely on implementation details if they're written in a way that would fail if
the implementation changes. For example, what if we wrapped our counter
component in another `div` or swapped our message from a `div` to a `span` or
`p`? Or what if we added another button for `reset`? Or what if instead of a
`button` we switched to a clickable (and accessible) `div`? (That's not an easy
thing to do, so I recommend just using a button, but the point is hopefully
clear).

Each of these things are implementation details that none of our users should
know or care about, so this exercise is intended to help you learn to avoid
implementation details by querying for and interacting with the elements in a
way that is implementation detail free and refactor friendly.

## Extra Credit

### 1. 💯 use userEvent

As it turns out, clicking these buttons is also a bit of an implementation
detail. We're firing a single event, when we actually should be firing several
other events like the user does. When a user clicks a button, they first have to
move their mouse over the button which will fire some mouse events. They'll also
mouse down and mouse up on the input and focus it! Lots of events!

If we want to be truly implementation detail free, then we should probably fire
all those same events too. Luckily for us, Testing Library has us covered with
`@testing-library/user-event`. This may one-day be baked directly into
`@testing-library/dom`, but for now it's in a separate package.

For this extra credit, swap out `fireEvent` for `userEvent` which you can get
like so:

```javascript
import userEvent from '@testing-library/user-event'
```

Once you're done, look around in the code of `@testing-library/user-event`'s
[`click` method](https://github.com/testing-library/user-event/blob/1af67066f57377c5ab758a1215711dddabad2d83/src/index.js#L109-L131).
It's pretty interesting!